---
layout: post
title: BSides 2025
subtitle: Attending BSides for the first time
cover-img: /assets/img/honk.png
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/assets/img/bsidesslc_logo-697532225.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/assets/img/bsidesslc_logo-697532225.jpg
tags: []
---

This year, I decided to hit up BSides with some friends, though I had never been before. It was smaller than some of the other conferences I have been to, like DefCon and SaintCon, but it was not at all lacking in quality.

From what I could tell, this first day was primarily workshops. I first attended a workshop on structured analytic techniques, which I really need to look into more. For me, a main point was to be conscious of what biases i may have. Beyond this, we learned about some specific techniques like prioritization and risk matrices, key assumptions analyses, and futures wheels. Might add more here later if I look into these deeper.


Circling back, here is a breakdown of the main biases mentioned:

1. Perceptual Bias:
- Mirroring bias
- Halo effect

2. Biases in evaluating evidence:
- Anchoring bias
- Bandwagon effect
- As hominem

3. Biases estimating probability:
- Gamblers fallacy
- Survivorship bias

4. Biases in perceiving causality:
- Red Herring
- Slippery slope

From here, after the conference, I wanted to fully understand each of these biases, and ty to see what I could learn from them.

| Bias Name | Explanation | Cyber Example |
| ----------|-------------|---------------|
| Mirroring bias | | |



I also had the opportunity to participate in "The Keep", a heavily gameified way to practice offensive cyber techniques. If I understood things correctly, this was put on by n1ghtbl00d from 801 labs. I'll double check in the future. The main takeaway I had was how ffuf specifically works when fussing for Subdomains. I cannot remember exactly what, but we had to include specific header information in order to get it to work. I'll try to add that here later. Another takeaway is to remember to work together. I was working on a particular challenge by myself, getting nowhere, when a colleague caught up to the same challenge. We were able to bounce ideas off of each other and eventually we both were able to solve the challenge.


Overall a very positive experience and I am happy I went.